give more explicit pointer to the contribute guide (#29909)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/README.md

## Quarkus Documentation

> This is the main folder for Qaurkus documentation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the main folder for Quarkus documentation. 
```

> This folder is synchronized to website and the [Primary Documentatin README.adoc](src/main/asciidoc/README.adoc) are inside the `src/main/asciidoc` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This folder is synchronized to website and the [Primary Documentation README.adoc](src/main/asciidoc/README.adoc) are inside the `src/main/asciidoc` folder.
```

Reviewer: Suggesting and alternative phrasing. I leave it up to you to accept or decline this change.
```suggestion
The contents of this folder are used to publish documentation to the quarkus.io/docs website.
The [main documentation README.adoc](src/main/asciidoc/README.adoc) is in the `src/main/asciidoc` folder that also contains the `.adoc` source files for the published documentation.
```

## Quarkus Documentation

This is the main folder for Qaurkus documentation. 

> Details on how to contribute documentation can be found at https://quarkus.io/guides/doc-contribute-docs-howto.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Details for how to contribute to Quarkus docs are found in the following locations: 

- [Quarkus documentation concepts](doc-concepts.adoc) (Diataxis framework): 
  - https://quarkus.io/guides/doc-concepts
- [How to contribute](doc-contribute-docs-howto.adoc): 
  - https://quarkus.io/guides/doc-contribute-docs-howto
- [About Quarkus documentation](doc-reference.adoc):
	- https://quarkus.io/guides/doc-reference
- [Tutorial example: Create a tutorial](doc-create-tutorial.adoc): 
  - https://quarkus.io/guides/doc-create-tutorial
```
